AWS Firehose improve integration documentation (#12732)
elastic/integrations: packages/awsfirehose/_dev/build/docs/README.md

    
    **Destination settings**

>     1. Set **Elastic endpoint URL** to point to your **Elasticsearch** endpoint of your deployment.

Reviewer: deployment would make it confusing for serverless projects, previous wording was better?

Author: Reworded to the following,

```
Set **Elastic endpoint URL** to point to your **Elasticsearch** cluster running in Elastic Cloud
```

    This endpoint can be found from the [Elastic Cloud console](https://cloud.elastic.co/).

    2. **API key** is the base64 encoded Elastic API key.

>     This can be created in Kibana by following the instructions under API Keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This can be created in Kibana UI by following the instructions under [API keys](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/api-keys.html).
```

Author: Thank you, added the suggestion

    If you are using an API key with Restricted privileges, be sure to review the Indices privileges to provide at least "auto_configure" & "write" permissions for the indices you will be using with this delivery stream.

>     By default, logs will be stored in indexes of `logs-awsfirehose-default` data stream and metrics will be stored in indexes of `metrics-aws.cloudwatch-default` datas stream.

Reviewer: we should stick to using either index or data stream

Author: By default, the record get ingested to indexes backed by `logs-awsfirehose-default` (for logs) & `metrics-aws.cloudwatch-default` (for metrics). 

I will try to improve the wording here

Author: I went ahead with keeping data stream 

```
By default, logs will be stored in `logs-awsfirehose-default` data stream and metrics will be stored in `metrics-aws.cloudwatch-default` data stream.
```

    Therefore, Elastic highly recommends giving `logs-awsfirehose-default` and `metrics-aws.cloudwatch-default` indices with "write" privilege.

>     3. We recommend setting **Content encoding** to **GZIP** for improved network efficiency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. We recommend setting **Content encoding** HTTP header to **GZIP** for reduce the data transfer costs.
```

Author: This comes from a Firehose Stream configuration. So I will reword to emphasise the cost but avoid mentioning HTTP header

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fb55ba66-9599-45b6-92d7-b58e28d4a595)

    4. **Retry duration** determines how long Firehose continues retrying the request in the event of an error. 

>     A duration between 60 seconds to 300 seconds should be suitable for most use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A duration between 60 to 300 seconds should be suitable for most use cases.
```

Author: Change added

    5. Elastic requires a **Buffer size** of `1MiB` to avoid exceeding the Elasticsearch `http.max_content_length` setting (typically 100MB) when the buffer is uncompressed.

    6. The default **Buffer interval** of `60s` is recommended to ensure data freshness in Elastic.

    7. **Parameters**

       1. `es_datastream_name`: Accepts a data stream name of your choice.
       You can configure this when you ingest data formats that are not officially supported and managed through your customized data streams.
       Also, you may use this to separate your ingested data from default indexes.
       By default, logs will be stored in indexes of `logs-awsfirehose-default` (index template `logs-awsfirehose`) data stream and metrics will be stored in indexes of `metrics-aws.cloudwatch-default` (index template `metrics-aws.cloudwatch`) data stream.

>        When configuring, please make sure configured **API key** has required permissions to ingest data into the configured data stream. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Make sure the configured API key has the required permissions to ingest data to the specified data stream.
```

       You can configure this when you ingest data formats that are not officially supported and managed through your customized data streams.
       Also, you may use this to separate your ingested data from default indexes.
       By default, logs will be stored in indexes of `logs-awsfirehose-default` (index template `logs-awsfirehose`) data stream and metrics will be stored in indexes of `metrics-aws.cloudwatch-default` (index template `metrics-aws.cloudwatch`) data stream.
       When configuring, please make sure configured **API key** has required permissions to ingest data into the configured data stream. 

       2. `include_cw_extracted_fields`: Optional parameter that can be set when using a CloudWatch logs subscription filter as the Firehose data source.
       When set to true, extracted fields generated by the filter pattern in the subscription filter will be collected.
       Setting this parameter can add many fields into each record and may significantly increase data volume in Elasticsearch.
       As such, use of this parameter should be carefully considered and used only when the extracted fields are required for specific filtering and/or aggregation.

>     8. **Backup settings** It is recommended to configure S3 backup for failed records. These backups can be used to restore data losses caused by unforeseen service outages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    8. **Backup settings** It is recommended to configure S3 backup for failed records. These backups can be used to restore lost data caused by unforeseen service outages.
```
